VPC endpoint service private dns name support (#16495)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/vpc_endpoint_service.html.markdown

* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the VPC endpoint service.
* `base_endpoint_dns_names` - The DNS names for the service.
* `manages_vpc_endpoints` - Whether or not the service manages its VPC endpoints - `true` or `false`.
* `service_name` - The service name.
* `service_type` - The service type, `Gateway` or `Interface`.
* `state` - The state of the VPC endpoint service.

> * `private_dns_name_config` - The private dns name config when supplying a private dns name.
> 
> The `private_dns_name_config` object exports the following attributes:
> 
> * `name` - the name of the record subdomain the service provider needs to create
> * `state` - the verification state of the VPC endpoint service
> * `type` - the endpoint service verification type, for example TXT
> * `value` - the value the service provider adds to the private DNS name domain record before verification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `private_dns_name_configuration` - List of objects containing information about the endpoint service private DNS name configuration.
    * `name` - Name of the record subdomain the service provider needs to create.
    * `state` - Verification state of the VPC endpoint service. Consumers of the endpoint service can use the private name only when the state is `verified`.
    * `type` - Endpoint service verification type, for example `TXT`.
    * `value` - Value the service provider adds to the private DNS name domain record before verification.
```
